beneath the surface, the player is simply that. a player. Trying to play the game the way they want to. the player wants to rewards based on what the perceive as a 'good' choice for them. this game will NOT go well. the player will die, fail, or go down a path they didn't intend or perceive. when the player attempts to coerce a local farmer by making their crops grow/soothsaying them into thinking they don't need crops this season to get by/etc, the player will also be convincing the farmer that they need crops to keep growing magically/they never need crops again! no need to work year round in and out/etc. this WILL come back to bite the player in the ass. beneath the surface of the game, the choices the player makes are not as simple as they appear/do come back around.

Beneath the surface... 

You are a truly a conniving demon.

With each step, choice, and action that you take the small town of people you were spawned from will begin to notice your prescence.(the player gains power as it observes the townsfolk. their gossip giving the player sway and abilities/things to trick people with. tricking people can tear the town apart, making the player stronger, but once the town falls apart, what will the player have to feast on? In the end, solving the town's problems, or destroyuing the town will destroy the player. Beneath the surface, the player's mask are only as important as they make them. the rewards of so carefully choosing the dialogue while playing the game will be the player's eventual demise.) Hiding behind forms you will be able to shape the town to your desires. Those that you convince to trust you are those you will need to maintain the most. Remember what smile you greeted them with. The first mask you wore when you met them created an impression that you cannot let them lose faith in. For their belief is yours to manipulate, consume, horde. You will need them as not all will be convinced by the sweet words you whisper, the angry shouts you lob, or the deception you throw their way. Fooling everyone into loving you is not an easy feat.

(note that most games with dialogue usually have very obvious good or bad/evil vs. good outcomes. generally, the player plays because they want something, not because they care about the other character. Generally, playstyle surrounds making a choice that offers the most personally appreciated reward. Like the bow over the knife. Wiki's tend to follow this fashion, listing rewards from 'quests' or dialogue events.)


goal: the endpoint of the game will be determined by the player's choices, of course, but the player, overall will want to manage to take over the entire town. Certain villagers will need to be approached once the player becomes skilled enough( is this possible to work into twine, etc?) in a particular mask/form. Certain forms will make the player more hideous.

the endpoint may be unreachable? The player will become so desired/feared/hated/despised by their new 'villager friends' they become enslaved by the very chains they try to enslave the town with, ending in their inevitable demise. The very same premise that spawns the player, the gossip, the hatred, the dirty laundry of the town, will also be what ends the player. ( and possibly the town?)

the endpoint will be when(if?) the player convinces everyone in town to love them. this will allow them to disappear back into the folds of reality, having tied the loose ends together of the town's dirty laundry, filling their hearts with a form of 'town pride' again ( even as false or foolhardy as that pride may be)

the endpoint will be when the player essentially commits suicide by solving the problems/tricking townsfolk to believe that everything is good. the very hate and frustration that spawns the player into the world will make them marginally weaker as time goes on. beneath the surface, the player has as little control over the game as the townsfolk do over the player. The more people that are convinced, tricked, or fooled, the less and less the player can do. ( even as they get stronger in that one area?) eventually, the player disappears.

- as the player progresses through the game, the masks they will be able to present to the world will be based off of what masks they have used before.
	
	Strengthening their grimace will make the world fear them. Garnering fear is a great way to not become ingrained in a society, but it will get you noticed. The player will be strong, but unable to make an appearance in any social area without problems.




WHAT ABOUT NO VILLAGE AND A DINNER OF 13? PEOPLE BROUGHT TOGETHER FOR... WHAT? KILL THEM... ONE BY ONE AND SEAL YOUR FATE